03 - Ebu rebalancing (#6)
orbcollective/mpc-examples: README.md

| Number | Controller      | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| 00 | [NullController](./pkg/mpc-examples/contracts/00-null-controller/README.md) | Empty controller that does nothing |

> | 03 | [EBURebalancerController](./pkg/mpc-examples/contracts/03-ebu-rebalancer/README.md) | Controller that allows users to rebalance a managed pool as well as pause swaps |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 03 | [EbuRebalancerController](./pkg/mpc-examples/contracts/03-ebu-rebalancer/README.md) | Controller that implements a static weighted basket of tokens. Can be rebalanced back to intended weights with a swap fee rebalance. |
```
